Secret Santa
Description:
Secret Santa is a western Christmas tradition in which members of a group or community are randomly assigned a person to whom they anonymously give a gift.
You’d like to run a Secret Santa this year with your friends and family, but decide that rather than simply pulling names from a hat, you want a fancier, more technical, and automated approach.
You can use whatever language, frameworks, technologies that you feel best fits the problem and/or whatever you’re most comfortable with.
High level requirements:
At a minimum, the app should take a list of participants, randomly choose a secret santa for each participant, and display the results.
Additionally:
- We’d like to ensure that people can’t be assigned to their significant other. So the app needs to have some knowledge about relationships between participants. e.g. Marge Simpson is Homer Simpson’s partner.
- Also, when we hold our secret santa again next year we want to ensure that the assignments are different from the previous year. In other words, the app should remember the last known assignments.
Restrictions when assigning the Secret Santas:
- You cannot be your own Secret Santa.
- You cannot be assigned the same Secret Santa that you got in the previous year. - You cannot be your partner’s Secret Santa.
Input:
There are no restrictions on the input format, use whatever you deem appropriate.
Output:
There are no restrictions on how the results are displayed.

== README

This README would normally document whatever steps are necessary to get the
application up and running.

Things you may want to cover:

* Ruby version

* System dependencies

* Configuration

* Database creation

* Database initialization

* How to run the test suite

* Services (job queues, cache servers, search engines, etc.)

* Deployment instructions

* ...


Please feel free to use a different markup language if you do not plan to run
<tt>rake doc:app</tt>.
